I went the traditional route. Took Computer Science classes at a State University near the end I realized I had enough Credits to graduate with a different major so I took the opportunity to get out rather than going into more debt. That's how I got a BA in Philosophy with CS minor. Computer Science offered loads of great experience I learned verry traditional coding practices, algorithms, databases and so much more. However that was never really what I wanted to learn. I wanted Interfaces and Interactions with technology. I wanted to design Iron Man esc Augmented Reality interfaces. It was then I realized I needed to learn design. I wasn't about to go back to college and go into more dept to get a degree in design so I set my sights on learning everything myself. I have tried several bootcamps and courses. I am slowly building my portfolio and looking to get my foot in door. Over my persuite I have aquired a variety of skills: I am proficient in C++, SQL, HTML, JavaScript, and Python. I have studies UX Design and Information Architecture. I am proficient in several User Research methods: Interviews, surveys, card sorts. I am skilled with Figma as well as many Adobe product: XD, Photoshop, Illustrator. I am currently persueing further education in UX Design, Front End Software Development. I am working with Unreal game editor; experimenting with Game Design, AR and VR interface. I have a passion and Ideas and although it's taken some time, I have a small inkling on how to reach my goals. I'm looking forward to the future.
